---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Heyo, I'm Naveen. I am a "Confused Hooman" and a Software Engineer by
profession. I currently work at [Hasura](https://hasura.io/) in the Control
Plane Team, responsible for building the Hasura Cloud. When I'm away from the
keyboard, I either go on treks, dabble in pottery and when all else fails I lay
my head on my dog (free therapy sessions FTW) ^^

At [Hasura](https://hasura.io/), I have been designing, builing and maintaining
various parts of the Hasura product since it's inception back in 2020. The
journey has been rewarding, from supporting our first few customers, scaling its
usage many folds to now creating the Hasura Data Delivery Network.

My passion for technology was ignited by a chance encounter with a [Harry Potter
Video
game](https://harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/Harry_Potter_and_the_Chamber_of_Secrets_(video_game)#PC.2FMac).
I then spent next few years tinkering(_unsuccessfully_) with CPU's. It wasn't
until the year 2016 when I got exposed to "real" Software engineering. That was
the year, when I got to know about Open Source Software.

Since then I have become an ardent advocate for it and ended up doing [The Linux
Kernel
Mentorship](https://mentorship.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/project/2145d0aa-4812-4c6b-9108-42d64deea738),
[Google Summer of
Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2019/projects/6358992580771840/)
and an Internship under Linux Foundation for [The OpenMainframe
Project](https://github.com/openmainframeproject-internship/resources/blob/master/past/2019.md) 

My short exposure to Software Development might be the reason why I haven't yet
found my favorite domain (_though I am drawn towards systems engineering_).
Rather than confining myself to a specific label, I prefer to think of myself as
a "Puzzle Solver" - always ready to tackle new challenges in the vast world of
computing.

I love reading/listening to books, building legos, clearing up my backlog of
video games and go for runs. I'll consider my life truly successful when I
summit one of the 8000m peaks - a dream I'm actively working towards :)

I'm always up for a chat about *anything* (_the ~~perks~~ caveats of a curious
mind_). You can reach me via [mail](mailto:blog@naveenaidu.dev) or via
[Twitter](https://x.com/confusedHooman2).



